pushing dot to the right ,watching the murk ,focusing near ,focusing far,narrow central focus ,attempting to expand the color ,looking up ,attempting j3 ,expand the color ,imagine a white circle ,unlatch,sound is traveling between left and right sides in a 2D fashion. vibrating several times a second. hissy sippy sound ,body fairly quiet. almost 3rd shamatha jhana feel but mildly unpleasant ,open eyes to refresh light ,refreshing light ,spontaneous moderate piti  head and face ,setting intention ,sudden drop into j3. body very still ,the unsettling piti has returned ,just came out of a rather abrupt  very sleepy head drop,intentional entry into j3 ,begin session ,I have no idea where thoughts come from. reflecting on mutual dependence of thought objects and clinging to thoughts ,opening eyes. reground in 5 senses ,opening eyes to refresh the flame ,began session,Pleasant tingles in both hands but especially right hand and arm ,insight ,head very gently swaying/bobbing side to side on its own. very light  floating . swaying at the rate of once a second (one second left side  one second right....),insight ,insight ,insight ,insight ,finished with a Gloria Patri. gentle gratitude in my heart  felt a warm heaviness ,setting intention ,visuals: gentle 3d static flowing in various directions ,switch to closed eye ,seeing the room through closed eyes ,setting intention,spontaneous piti  full body,begin session ,the body randomly starts slightly on its own (not fear or surprise),brief mental and faint 3D image of "attention returning to the object" being like multiple flies landing from various directions onto a single object,spontaneous piti,spontaneous very refined frisson brushing down the face ,switch to the breath ,spontaneous physical tension release especially on left side ,moderate clarity in centre of visual field. lightweight dancing stuff at top 10% of visual field. soft rain vibes ,Clarity in the body. some bobbing shaking in the chest and upper region ,opening eyes  regrounding in the senses,sleepy. closing eyes ,3rd screen  mundane,no longer sleepy,spontaneous piti. especially throat face hands and chest ,stepped away for a couple of seconds,setting intention ,switched to listening to the inner sound ,sounds still at 10 o'clock but now much closer to my head   maybe even inside my head ,switch back to choiceless awareness 